Add yaml file sample for Azure Storage (#2827)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/configuration/azure.md

      - For a user-assigned managed identity, you'll need to set `user_assigned_id` to the client ID for the managed identity in the configuration file.
  - Via Azure Workload Identity. To use Azure Workload Identity, you'll need to enable Azure Workload Identity on your cluster, add the required label and annotation to the service account and the required pod label.

## Sample configuration

> This sample configuration shows how setup Azure blob storage using Helm charts and access key from Kubernetes secrets

Reviewer: Adding a missing "to" and period. 
```suggestion

This sample configuration shows how to set up Azure blob storage using Helm charts and access key from Kubernetes secrets.

```
